you
this is so ho a district of London known
for its nightlife not for niburu this
however is so ho the Solar and
Heliospheric Observatory the spacecraft
launched in 1995 to study the Sun among
his many instruments is a firm favourite
of niburu believers the large angle and
spectrometric coronagraph experiment or
Laska Laska monitors the solar corona
but due to it looking at the Sun its
entire life it also sees our planetary
neighbors pass in front of and behind
the Sun it's even seen the odd comet or
to fly past like this so how do we know
that these objects slowly moving across
our view of the planets we know and love
and I'm not niburu that is how do we
know other than using this handy
calendar of events on the website
velasco well a simple method that
anybody can try is a free program called
Celestia Celestia offers us a 3d view of
time and space where we can fly to any
object and see it from any angle at any
speed what this means for us here is
that we can position our Celestia camera
at an angle and date similar to where
soho was and see for ourselves what was
in view we know that Soho orbits the l1
Lagrangian point about here so we can
put our camera along that same line of
the Sun Soho earth and get the same view
here is an image from lasko taken on
December 15 2009 and here we are in
Celestia December 15 2009 we see Venus
and sure enough the transit calendar
shows Venus for this date it even shows
direction and back in Celestia we can
speed up time and see if Venus is
traveling the right way too and there we
have it from this view we can even see
the next transit of mercury then Venus
and if our view is further out Neptune
Jupiter 2 so whenever you see a blue
image like this just remember there are
plenty of places where you can find out
what you're looking at sometimes though
believers will point to Alaska image
full of strange shapes often calling
them winged planets which of course
makes a lot of sense planets can have
wings right in this case and indeed the
cases for many other bright objects you
see in the images including the planets
and comets you saw before you're just
seeing if
X of a very bright light hitting the CCD
chips of the Lascaux camera to use an
analogy by Phil Plait author of the bad
astronomy blog concerning among other
things cases of bad astronomy from
people who think they know about
astronomy you can think of a CCD chip as
an array of buckets in the rain each
bucket or pixel collects the rain or
light where more rain in any given
bucket or light in a pixel results in a
brighter area of the image in the same
way that a bucket of rainwater can
overflow so can a pixel with too much
light hitting it light hits the CCD chip
and is converted into electrons ready to
be read off as an image but there are
too many electrons for that one pixel to
take too much rainwater for one bucket
and so it spreads the rain flows into
the buckets beside it so do the
electrons in the pixels this can happen
again and again until there is enough
space for those raindrops in their
buckets and when it comes time to read
the amount of electrons in each pixel to
create an image blooming has appeared
for those who are interested in this in
more detail check out the complete
article by Phil including examples from
Soho and humbled where he spent five
years working so he knows his stuff to
finish yes some things from Moscow look
pretty strange to you and me but to the
people who work on the data these images
record every day is just same old same
old